# Shasta management network 1.2 release notes

### Copyright Information

© Copyright 2021 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP.

### Notices
The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for Hewlett
Packard Enterprise products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty.

Hewlett Packard Enterprise shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Confidential computer software. Valid license from Hewlett Packard Enterprise required for possession, use, or copying. Consistent with FAR 12.211 and 12.212, Commercial Computer Software, Computer Software Documentation, and Technical Data for Commercial Items are licensed to the U.S. Government under vendor's standard commercial license.

Links to third-party websites take you outside the Hewlett Packard Enterprise website. Hewlett Packard Enterprise has no control over and is not responsible for information outside the Hewlett Packard Enterprise website.

### Description

This release note covers Shasta management network version 1.2.

Shasta management network is fully programmable management network for Cray super computers outfitted with either Aruba AOS-CX or Mellanox and Dell combination. 

* Important Information

To avoid damage to your equipment, do not interrupt power to the switch during a software update.

### Version History

All released versions are fully supported by HPE, unless noted in the table.

| Network revision | Shasta version | CANU  | Remarks |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-------------:| -----:|
| 1.0 | 1.0 | N/A | Released, fully supported, and posted on the web |
| 1.1 | 1.1 | N/A | Released, fully supported, and posted on the web |
| 1.2 | 1.2 | 1.0 | Released, fully supported, and posted on the web |

### Products Supported

This release applies to the following product models

* Aruba 8325 Switch Series
* Aruba 6300 Switch Series
* Mellanox x86onie Switch Series
* Dell S3048-ON Switch Series
* Dell S4148T-ON Switch Series
* Dell S4148F-ON Switch Series

### Minimum software version requirements

| Model | software version |
| ----- | -----: |
| Aruba 8325 Switch Series | 10.08.0010 |
| Aruba 6300 Switch Series | 10.08.0010 |
| Mellanox x86onie Switch Series | fill info here|
| Dell S3048-ON Switch Series | fill info here|
| Dell S4148T-ON Switch Series | fill info here|
| Dell S4148F-ON Switch Series | fill info here|
	
### Enhancements

This section lists enhancements added to this version of Shasta management network.

Software enhancements are listed in reverse-chronological order, with the newest on the top of the list.

Unless otherwise noted, each network version listed includes all enhancements added in earlier versions.

Version 1.2

<table>
<td>
<pre>
Spanning-tree
</td>
</pre>
<td>
<pre>
In the Shasta management network version 1.2 Spanning-tree configuration 
is changing from RPVST (RSTP) to MSTP to allow for better vendor interoperability
and simplified Spanning-tree configuration. New default configuration: 

* Spanning-tree BPDU guard is removed
* Spanning-tree BPDU filter is removed
* Spanning-tree admin-edge port settings are retained for allowing quicker PXE boot
* Spanning-tree instance is tied to default (no longer multiple instances or per vlan) 
* Spanning-tree MSTP configuration name and revision in all configurations generated by Canu are set as: ***name*** cray ***version*** 2 
</td>
</pre>
</table>

### Fixes

<table>
<td>
<pre>
....
</td>
</pre>
<td>
<pre>
....
</td>
</pre>
</table>

### Issues and Workarounds

The following are known open issues with this branch of the software.

The Symptom statement describes what a user might experience if this is seen on the network. The Scenario statement provides additional environment details and trigger summaries. When available, the Workaround
statement provides a workaround to the issue.

<table>
<td>
<pre>
No currently known issues
</pre>
</td>
<td>
<pre>
N/A
</td>
</pre>
</table>

### Security Bulletin Subscription Service

You can sign up at [click here](https://support.hpe.com/connect/s/?language=en_US)
to initiate a subscription to receive future HPE Security Bulletin alerts via email.

A Security Bulletin is the published notification of security vulnerabilities and is the only communication
vehicle for security vulnerabilities.

* Fixes for security vulnerabilities are not documented in manuals, release notes, or other forms of product
documentation.
* A Security Bulletin is released when all vulnerable products still in support life have publicly available
images that contain the fix for the security vulnerability

